
- In ERC-721, there is an account for each participant that holds a balance of tokens. 
	- A mint transaction **creates** a NFT token for an owner and adds that token in the owner's account.
	- A **transfer transaction** changes the ownership of a token from the current owner to a new owner and transfer that token from old owner to new owner.

#### Assumptions

- Only one organization (org1) is allowed to create new token into their account.
- Other organizations can transfer tokens from their account to other accounts.
- Accounts can be of 2 types -
	1. Organization level
	2. Client Identity level
- Here, accounts are defined at client identity level
	- where every authorized client with an enrollment certificate(from organization) has an accountId that matches their clientId
	- therefore clientId can be considered as the accountId that is used as the payment address of a recipient


- **`MintWithTokenURI`**
	- this function first reads the certificate information of the user that submitted the transaction using **`GetClientIdentity.GetID()`** API
	- then it creates the NFT for that user

- **`TransferFrom`**
	- transfers a NFT to the recipient's account
	- it is assumed that the recipient has provided their accountId to the user who is transferring the NFT

#### List of functions

1. BalanceOf(ctx, owner) - returns the number of NFTs owned by the owner
2. OwnerOf(ctx, tokenId) - returns the owner of the NFT
3. TransferFrom(ctx, from, to, tokenId) - transfers the ownership of the NFT from one account to another
4. Approve(ctx, approved, tokenId) - give permission to 3rd party to transfer token on his behalf
5. SetApprovalForall(ctx, operator, approved) - enable or disable approval for a 3rd party to transfer all tokens on his behalf
6. GetApproved(ctx, tokenId) - returns the address of the 3rd party approved to transfer the token
7. IsApprovedForAll(ctx, owner, operator) - returns true if the operator is approved to transfer all tokens on behalf of owner
8. Name(ctx) - returns the name of the token
9. Symbol(ctx) - returns the symbol of the token
10. TokenURI(ctx, tokenId) - returns the URI of the token
11. TotalSupply(ctx) - returns the total number of tokens tracked by this contract
12. Initialize(ctx, name, symbol) - set optional information for a token
13. MintWithTokenURI(ctx, tokenId, tokenURI) - creates a new NFT
14. Burn(ctx, tokenId) - destroys a NFT
15. _readNFT(ctx, tokenId) - returns the NFT object
16. _nftExists(ctx, tokenId) - returns true if the NFT exists
17. ClientAccountBalance(ctx) - returns the balance of the client account
18. ClientAccountID(ctx) - returns the id of the requesting client's account
19. CheckInitialized(ctx) - checks if the contract options have been already initialized

#### Functions for supply chain

1. CreateToken(ctx, tokenId, tokenURI) - creates a new NFT
2. TransferToken(ctx, tokenId, to) - transfers the ownership of the NFT from one account to another
3. AddChanges(ctx, tokenId, tokenURI) - adds changes to the token metadata
4. QueryToken(ctx, tokenId) - returns the token metadata